Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In the previous video we explained what anomalies are and how to detect them using TV when we drop the
suit smooth column the t of the V.
Recognize that as a missing column anomaly which is a typical case since we created a schema for the
whole dataset but in the serving time we wont have the column anymore since that is our target column
which we are trying to predict we can solve this very easily by using different environments in the
current schema one for the training time and other for the serving.
So let's create those environments in this video in the first free cell right schema the default environment
default environment is just a list of all environments that we can find in our schema to add the new
environment name to our schema just write append and now we need to specify environment name that we
want to add I'll just add training let's copy this line and pasted below change training to serving
and execute the cell.
Now we have two environments currently unused but two environments one for training and other for serving
since you won't have the target column in The serving time.
We need to remove it from the schema using our environment.
We can easily modify the current schema in the way that suit column is expected in the training time
and not expected in the serving to do this.
Just right t DV don't get feature.
This function takes two arguments a schema and a feature that we want to retrieve.
So provide our schema is the first argument ensued as a second one to exclude the feature from our environment
just right but not the environment that depend in here.
We need to specify environment name so we are.
Case we want to specify serving with this very intuitive line of code.
The column named Sood will be expected in the training time and not expected in the serving to track
today so let's compare our environment with our test set copy that doesn't have the suit feature anymore
just write serving EMV anomalies is equal to TDB dot validate statistics just as before in this function
takes as the first argument our statistics.
That is our test set copy stats that we generated in the previous video and for the second argument
is our schema but in this case we are going to specify our per day argument as well our environment
so here we are going to say just serving and execute a cell remember last time that we compared our
test set of statistics.
We got an anomaly saying that our suit column is missing since we did expect it in the whole schema
with the whole dataset to display anomalies as before just right t the v dot these play anomalies and
provide serving EMV anomalies execute the cell as you can see we done have the anomaly anymore so we
did successfully excluded it from the serving time but we still have it in the training time and that's
it for now.
If you have any questions or comments please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll assume the next tutorial.